Fix overflowHeight in EuiCodeBlock (#2487)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug fixes**

- Normalized button `moz-focus-inner` ([#2445](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2445))

> - Fixed `overflowHeight` in `EuiCodeBlock` ([#2487](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2487))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `EuiCodeBlock` so that `overflowHeight` now applies a `maxHeight` instead of a `height` on the block  ([#2487](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2487))
```

It's OK to be verbose in change logs. People go to them primarily when things break. Did something change? What was the change?
